hey guys it's me ties news and today I
actually yesterday got an email from
Rockstar like a video game from me and
it was really was official that GTA
chinatown wars that was a yes exclusive
thing it's now coming up in PSP and here
is what my thoughts are about it well
first of all there's for a long time
there's been a lot of videos of Diaz vs
PSP in the beginning it was always dsi
would win now it's more PSP that's
winning I think a lot of people owned a
lot a lot of people own ds's but I think
it's pretty much the same of like
dollars of between PSVs and bse's
anyways I know that GTA chinatown Wars
was a big release on the DEA's now rock
star is playing in releasing it for the
PSP I'm not sure if that's a really good
idea if I were them I would wait BB a
few more months because it's it just
came out pretty much in a hype on it
still keeping on going on and
kind of what their GPA for they came out
grand theft auto san andreas and they
waited like there's three years before
they were for the release GTA 4 and that
was a really good move because so many
people during that three years play GL
breath auto san andreas let me get to
like it so more and more fans so we went
GTA four came out a ton of people got it
and rockstar got a lot of money and with
this idea I think just came out with
chinatown wars and now a lot of people
played it on the BS well i don't have a
lot of people half but not as many
people played it like a typical EG get
for and i'm not sure if it's going to be
that popular the game on the PSP I know
the PSP has had a lot of the sony has a
lot of issues with vsp of people who
have hacked it and they get free games
their printer playing and releasing
chinatown Wars is a download that you
get on the playstation store so i think
that might stop them but they're also
saying they might release it as a UMD
which is head of the CD you put in a PSP
if that happens it's going to be all
over their neck free and i just think
that it's not really negative here right
now i think it well i think it's a great
idea Thunder release it but wait a few
months so either hype on the DS
keep sending getting bigger and more
people like it that's all I have to say
for it um you go to rock start at
Rockstar calm and you can go and click
on that icon awards and they'll be
coming to PS be soon and you can read
all about it that's always said there's
probably more information but it was
more information go to the website or if
you know something that you're dying to
say post it in the comments or leave a
video description subscribe rate and
comment check out my channel for the
everyday news and everything